---
layout: default
title: Community
---

# Rust Community

We have a great community and we want to keep it that way. Rust is
more than just a revolutionary programming language, it is a
tight-knit community with a [legendary dedication to kindness and
inclusivity](https://internals.rust-lang.org/). We are committed to
providing a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for all,
regardless of gender, sexual orientation, disability, ethnicity,
religion, or similar personal characteristic. Our [code of
conduct](https://www.rust-lang.org/conduct.html) must be observed in
all matters relating to the official Rust website.

## News

[This Week in Rust](http://this-week-in-rust.org/)

This Week in Rust contains the latest news, upcoming events and a
week-by-week account of changes in the Rust language and libraries.

[Rust Programming Blog](http://blog.rust-lang.org/)

The Rust programming blog is where the Rust team makes announcements
about major developments.

[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/rust)

Reddit is an unofficial online forum for all things Rust.

## How to Get Help

[Join the Rust IRC Channel](https://chat.mibbit.com/?server=irc.mozilla.org&channel=%23rust)

In the Rust community most real-time collaboration happens through
IRC. The
[#rust](https://chat.mibbit.com/?server=irc.mozilla.org&channel=%23rust)
channel is a venue for general discussion about Rust, and a good place
to ask for help. You'll find people willing to help you with any
questions you may have, and responses are typically very fast.

[Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/rust)

Stack Overflow is a question and answer site for programmers.
Searching for your problem might reveal someone who has asked it
before.

[Rust Forum](https://users.rust-lang.org/)

Rust Programming Language Forum is for general discussion and broader questions.

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/rustlang)

[Rust Moderation Team](https://www.rust-lang.org/team.html#Moderation)

If you feel you have been or are being harassed or made uncomfortable
by a community member, please contact any of the Rust moderation team
immediately. Whether you're a regular contributor or a newcomer, we
care about making this community a safe place for you.

## User Groups, Conferences and Workshops

[Rust User Groups](./user_groups.html)

There are more than 50 Rust User Groups worldwide in over 20 countries
with over 7,000 members. Rustaceans meet periodically in Rust User
Groups.  Its a great introduction to the community and a great way to
learn and socialize with other people with a similar interest.
Meetings are usually monthly and very informal. Meetings are open to
everyone.

[Rust Calendar](https://www.google.com/calendar/embed?src=apd9vmbc22egenmtu5l6c5jbfc@group.calendar.google.com)

## People

[Rust Team](https://www.rust-lang.org/team.html)

The Rust project is governed by a number of teams, each focused on a
specific area of concern.

## Rust Development

[How to contribute](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

[Github](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust)

[RFCs](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs)

The RFC (request for comments) process is the main pathway through
which the Rust community and the core team reach consensus on new
features entering the language and standard libraries.

[Subteam Reports](https://github.com/rust-lang/subteams)

[Issue Tracking](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues)
